Gh1460 (#1462)
latex3/latex2e: base/doc/ltnews40.tex

\section{New or improved commands}

\subsection{Avoid bogus \enquote{no item} error}

The commands \cs{addvspace} and \cs{addpenalty} generated the famous
error message \enquote{Something's wrong--perhaps a missing \cs{item}}
when they were encountered outside vertical mode. Most of the time this
error was bogus and if not, then it was generated several times rather
than once.

Once upon a time (in \LaTeX{}~2.09) it was necessary that these

> commands were used only in vertical mode, but with \LaTeX2e in 1994,
> we changed the internals but simply overlooked that this error became
> useless then. In this release, i.e., 30 years too late, we have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commands were used only in vertical mode, but with \LaTeXe{} in 1994,
we changed the internals but simply overlooked that this error which
became useless then. In this release, i.e.,~30 years too late, we have
```

> useless already then. In this release, i.e. 30 years too late we have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commands were used only in vertical mode, but with \LaTeXe{} in 1994,
we changed the internals but simply overlooked that this error which
became useless then. In this release, i.e.,~30 years too late, we have
```

Reviewer: Suggestion doesn't quite auto-replace the right lines, but you get the idea!

Author: took me a whilem but just changes to one line I guess. bit weird the display. wonder what would happen if I would press "commit suggestion"

Reviewer: Idea is to change lines 241-243, but somehow I've only managed to get GitHub to link this to line 243 :(

Author: then obviously I didn't get it. please make the suggested changes directly on the branch file.

Reviewer: I have - next time I'll get it right first time ;)

> became useless then. In this release, i.e.,~30 years too late, we have

Reviewer 2: Better: . . . that this error message then had become useless.

> finally lifted the ban and from now on this error should now only show

Reviewer 2: Too many "now"s!!
